concurency simply means ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.
ORM - Object Relational Model connects object oriented code to the relational database. 
With race condition, everything is multi step.
Nagel's algorithm improves the efficiency of a tcp\ip network by reducing the amount of packets to be sent over.
it simply states that 
    inhibit the sending of new TCP segments when new outgoing data arrives from the user 
    if any previously transmitted data on the connection remains unacknowledged.

The END_STREAM flag
    It is a control bit set inside a frame header to let the server know that an endpoint will no longer send frames on that stream anymore.
    it is commonly used in HEADER frames or final DATA frame.
    sending it transitions the stream to a half-closed (local) state
    receiving it transitions the stream to a half-closed(remote) state
    if both sides sends an END_STREAM then the stream closes

Adapting to target architecture
    most backend code/server sits behind a front-end server. 
    hence frontend server might send request to them over an existing connection or create a new one 
    this can cause inconsistent timing in processing of requests.
    Hence, it is cruicial to warm up the server by sending a series of inconsiquential requests before performing the main attack.

Methodology:
    based on the paper, he used three different methodologies. predict, probe and prove.

    predict
        testing every possible endpoint in the web application seems illogical. 
        first, identify an object with security control u would like to bypass
        then identify each endpoints that either read data and use it for sth or write data to the database
        the for each of the associated endpoints, ask:
            i. how the state is stored: client-side stored state can often be skipped safely. server-side stored state are the interesting ones
            ii. editing or appending data: appending of data are unlikely to be vulnerable to anything other then limit overrun attacks.
            iii. what are the operation keyed on: most endpoint operate on a specific record which is accessed using a key. 
                in order for a collision to occur, two requests must be accessing the same resources which can only be done if they use the same key.
        
    probe for clues
        look for clues of  existence of hidden sub-states.
        we craft multiple requests with different parameters to trigger all possible code paths. 
        even try changing parameters to different input values and inspect the output.
        then we benchmark the endpoint under normal condition. try sending multiple requests with a few seconds between each requests
        then use single packet attack or last byte sync to issue all the requests at once.
        analyze the requests and look for clues in form of deviation from the benchmarked request.
        clues can be anything different from the benchmarked request. make sure to analyse this very well as it is the most important part in the attack
    
    prove the concept
        proving depends on the type of vulnerablility u are dealing with.


partial construction attacks
    this occurs when an object is created in the middle of a multiple making there to be a period where the object is unsafe. 
    example can be when changing password. if done using multiple sql statement, a window can happen where the password has a null value. 
    so during the race window, if i provide an input that will resolve to a null value, i can be granted a user's acc.  (NOTE is is my own crafted example)

Locking
    some application locks resources to one worker. they prevent race condition by sequentially processing requests made by the same user's session
    this can be bypassed by attacking using different sessions